Charts: update the 'Server-Side Data Processing' demo description (#1858)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/ServerSideDataProcessing/description.md

> In many cases, you need to process data on the server before the chart displays it. The Chart component supports this scenario. 

Reviewer: > In many cases, you need to process data on the server before **the chart** displays it.

I have a question: by "the chart", do you mean the Chart component or just **any** chart? In the latter case, you've chosen an incorrect article; otherwise, you should have capitalized "chart".

Author: Yeah, I made a mistake with the article. I wanted to said "a chart" like "visual element" in the first sentence, and then talk about the Chart component in the second.

Reviewer: OK. I thought as much.

> In this demo, the data source of the Chart loads weather data for a selected month from an OData service. Each time you select a different month in the drop-down menu, the data source sends a new query to the service. To implement this functionality, assign a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object to the Chart [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource) property. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this demo, the data source of the Chart loads weather data for a selected month from an OData service. Each time you select a different month in the drop-down menu, the data source sends a new query to the service. To implement this functionality, assign a [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/) object to the Chart's [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#dataSource) property. 
```

> In the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/), implement an [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/). This demo shows how to [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) used values and how to [postProcess](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) them.

Reviewer: What is `ODataStore` in the first sentence? It looks like a proper noun but an indefinite article stands before it. I would have rather said "implement an OData storage/store".

> This demo shows how to [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) used values and how to [postProcess](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) them.

I find the practice of using API names as verbs in a sentence questionable at the very least. What prevents you from using the words "post process" as a link anchor?

Author: I, once again, messed up my articles in the first sentence. I'm trying to get better with articles, but still make mistakes. I'll correct myself.

Should I say 

> This demo shows how to [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) used values and how to [post process](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) them.

or is it better to rewrite the sentence? I just feel like it's not clear enough.

> An OData service can include multiple entity collections related to each other, but the [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/) specifies only one collection. To load multiple collections at once, use the [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) property. Then, call the [postProcess](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) function to process additional data.

Reviewer: The latter variant looks more extensive and explanatory. However, I have the two following points:
1. The first sentence is OK but you do not need a comma.
2. You say "use the expand property". How should I use it? Should I set it to true or do something else, perhaps?

Either way, you got rid of API member name usage as full-fledged sentence members, which is commendable.

Author: OK, how about this?

> To load multiple collections at once, set the [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) property to an array with the additional collections' titles.

Reviewer: We're almost there. The only real objection I still have is this:

> the additional collections' titles.

Namely, the hanging apostrophe. Look. You meant the following, correct?

> the titles of additional collections.

You can convey the same by the following:

> the additional collection titles.

You've made your text simpler and preserved the original semantics.

> Set the [paginate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate) property to **false** to prevent data from partitioning. You can also apply [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#filter) to the received values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the [paginate](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#paginate) property to **false** to prevent data from partitioning. You can also apply a [filter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#filter) to the received values.
```

> In the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/), implement the [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/). An OData service can include multiple entity collections related to each other but the [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/) specifies only one collection. To load multiple collections at once, set the [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) property to an array with the additional collection titles. Then, call the [postProcess](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) function to process additional data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the [DataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/), implement the [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/). An OData service can include multiple entity collections related to each other, but the [ODataStore](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/) specifies only one collection. To load multiple collections at once, set the [expand](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#expand) property to an array with the additional collection titles. Then, call the [postProcess](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/DataSource/Configuration/#postProcess) function to process additional data.
```

> Once you load the data, specify the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) type and its nested options: [argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) and [valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField), so the component can determine which object fields in the data source indicate Chart arguments and values.

Reviewer: Please note that I already made this change in other PR at least once:

```suggestion
Once you load the data, specify the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) type and its nested options: [argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) and [valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField), so the component can determine the objects that indicate Chart arguments and values in the data source.
```

I'll just leave it here: https://tw.devexpress.devx/language-guidelines/misused-words/that-and-which/

Please be more attentive.

> Once you load the data, specify the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) type and its nested options: [argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) and [valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField), so the component can determine the objects that indicate Chart arguments and values in the data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you load the data, specify the [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/) type and its nested options ([argumentField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#argumentField) and [valueField](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#valueField)), so the component can determine the objects that indicate Chart arguments and values in the data source.
```
